It is very intelligent and calm. Being exposed to lots of sunlight makes its movements swifter.
It moves along the ground as if sliding. Its swift movements befuddle its foes, and it then attacks with a vine whip.
It can stop its opponents' movements with just a glare. It takes in solar energy and boosts it internally.
It can deftly dodge its foe's attacks while shooting fireballs from its nose. It roasts berries before it eats them.
When its internal fire flares up, its movements grow sharper and faster. When in trouble, it emits smoke.
It can throw a fire punch by setting its fists on fire with its fiery chin. It cares deeply about its friends.
It fights using the scalchop on its stomach. In response to an attack, it retaliates immediately by slashing.
Strict training is how it learns its flowing double-scalchop technique.
One swing of the sword incorporated in its armor can fell an opponent. A simple glare from one of them quiets everybody.
Using food stored in cheek pouches, they can keep watch for days. They use their tails to communicate with others.
When they see an enemy, their tails stand high, and they spit the seeds of berries stored in their cheek pouches.
It faces strong opponents with great courage. But, when at a disadvantage in a fight, this intelligent Pokémon flees.
It has black, cape-like fur that is very hard and decreases the amount of damage it receives.
It rescues people stranded by blizzards in the mountains. Its shaggy fur shields it from the cold.
They steal from people for fun, but their victims can't help but forgive them. Their deceptively cute act is perfect.
These Pokémon vanish and appear unexpectedly. Many Trainers are drawn to their beautiful form and fur.
This Pokémon dwells deep in the forest. Eating a leaf from its head whisks weariness away as if by magic.
Ill tempered, it fights by swinging its barbed tail around wildly. The leaf growing on its head is very bitter.
When it is angered, the temperature of its head tuft reaches 600° F. It uses its tuft to roast berries.
It loves sweets because they become energy for the fire burning inside its body.
The water stored inside the tuft on its head is full of nutrients. Plants that receive its water grow large.
The tuft on its head holds water. When the level runs low, it replenishes the tuft by siphoning up water with its tail.
Munna always float in the air. People whose dreams are eaten by them forget what the dreams had been about.
The mist emanating from their foreheads is packed with the dreams of people and Pokémon.
Each follows its Trainer's orders as best it can, but they sometimes fail to understand complicated commands.
It can return to its Trainer's location regardless of the distance separating them.
Males swing their head plumage to threaten opponents. The females' flying abilities surpass those of the males.
Its mane shines when it discharges electricity. They use their flashing manes to communicate with one another.
They have lightning-like movements. When Zebstrika run at full speed, the sound of thunder reverberates.
Its ear is hexagonal in shape. Compressed underground, its body is as hard as steel.
When it overflows with power, the orange crystal on its body glows. It looks for underground water in caves.
Compressing the energy from its internal core lets it fire off an attack capable of blowing away a mountain.
Its habitat is dark forests and caves. It emits ultrasonic waves from its nose to learn about its surroundings.
It emits sound waves of various frequencies from its nose, including some powerful enough to destroy rocks.
It can dig through the ground at a speed of 30 mph. It could give a car running aboveground a good race.
It can help in tunnel construction. Its drill has evolved into steel strong enough to bore through iron plates.
It touches others with the feelers on its ears, using the sound of their heartbeats to tell how they are feeling.
It fights by swinging a piece of lumber around. It is close to evolving when it can handle the lumber without difficulty.
This Pokémon is so muscular and strongly built that even a group of wrestlers could not make it budge an inch.
It is thought that Conkeldurr taught humans how to make concrete more than 2,000 years ago.
They warn others of danger by vibrating their cheeks to create a high-pitched sound.
When they vibrate the bumps on their heads, they can make waves in water or earthquake-like vibrations on land.
They shoot paralyzing liquid from their head bumps. They use vibration to hurt their opponents.
When it tightens its belt, it becomes stronger. Wild Throh use vines to weave their own belts.
The sound of Sawk punching boulders and trees can be heard all the way from the mountains where they train.
Leavanny dress it in clothes they made for it when it hatched. It hides its head in its hood while it is sleeping.
Forests where Swadloon live have superb foliage because the nutrients they make from fallen leaves nourish the plant life.
Upon finding a small Pokémon, it weaves clothing for it from leaves, using the cutters on its arms and sticky silk.
Its bite injects a potent poison, enough to paralyze large bird Pokémon that try to prey on it.
Protected by a hard shell, it spins its body like a wheel and crashes furiously into its enemies.
With quick movements, it chases down its foes, attacking relentlessly with its horns until it prevails.
When attacked, it escapes by shooting cotton from its body. The cotton serves as a decoy to distract the attacker.
Like the wind, it can slip through any gap, no matter how small. It leaves balls of white fluff behind.
The leaves on its head are very bitter. Eating one of these leaves is known to refresh a tired body.
Even veteran Trainers face a challenge in getting its beautiful flower to bloom. This Pokémon is popular with celebrities.
Red and blue Basculin get along so poorly, they'll start fighting instantly. These Pokémon are very hostile.
They live buried in the sands of the desert. The sun-warmed sands prevent their body temperature from dropping.
They live in groups of a few individuals. Protective membranes shield their eyes from sandstorms.
They never allow prey to escape. Their jaws are so powerful, they can crush the body of an automobile.
When its internal fire is burning, it cannot calm down and it runs around. When the fire diminishes, it falls asleep.
Its internal fire burns at 2,500° F, making enough power that it can destroy a dump truck with one punch.
It uses an up-tempo song and dance to drive away the bird Pokémon that prey on its flower seeds.
This Pokémon can easily melt holes in hard rocks with a liquid secreted from its mouth.
Competing for territory, Crustle fight viciously. The one whose boulder is broken is the loser of the battle.
Its skin has a rubbery elasticity, so it can reduce damage by defensively pulling its skin up to its neck.
Groups of them beat up anything that enters their territory. Each can spit acidic liquid from its mouth.
They never vary the route they fly, because their memories of guarding an ancient city remain steadfast.
Each of them carries a mask that used to be its face when it was human. Sometimes they look at it and cry.
It has been said that they swallow those who get too close and turn them into mummies. They like to eat gold nuggets.
Restored from a fossil, this Pokémon can dive to depths beyond half a mile.
They can live both in the ocean and on land. A slap from one of them is enough to open a hole in the bottom of a tanker.
Said to be an ancestor of bird Pokémon, they were unable to fly and moved about by hopping from one branch to another.
They are intelligent and will cooperate to catch prey. From the ground, they use a running start to take flight.
Inhaling the gas they belch will make you sleep for a week. They prefer unsanitary places.
It clenches opponents with its left arm and finishes them off with foul-smelling poison gas belched from its mouth.
It changes into the forms of others to surprise them. Apparently, it often transforms into a silent child.
Bonds between these Pokémon are very strong. It protects the safety of its pack by tricking its opponents.
They greet one another by rubbing each other with their tails, which are always kept well groomed and clean.
Their white fur is coated in a special oil that makes it easy for them to deflect attacks.
Their ribbonlike feelers increase their psychic power. They are always staring at something.
They use hypnosis to control people and Pokémon. Tales of Gothorita leading people astray are told in every corner.
Starry skies thousands of light-years away are visible in the space distorted by their intense psychic power.
They drive away attackers by unleashing psychic power. They can use telepathy to talk with others.
Since they have two divided brains, at times they suddenly try to take two different actions at once.
When Reuniclus shake hands, a network forms between their brains, increasing their psychic power.
These bird Pokémon are excellent divers. They swim around in the water eating their favorite food--peat moss.
Swanna start to dance at dusk. The one dancing in the middle is the leader of the flock.
The temperature of their breath is -58° F. They create snow crystals and make snow fall in the areas around them.
Snowy mountains are this Pokémon's habitat. During an ancient ice age, they moved to southern areas.
Swallowing large amounts of water, they make snow clouds inside their bodies and attack their foes with violent blizzards.
The color and scent of their fur changes to match the mountain grass. When they sense hostility, they hide in the grass.
They migrate according to the seasons. People can tell the season by looking at Sawsbuck's horns.
The energy made in its cheeks' electric pouches is stored inside its membrane and released while it is gliding.
These mysterious Pokémon evolve when they receive electrical stimulation while they are in the same place as Shelmet.
They fly around at high speed, striking with their pointed spears. Even when in trouble, they face opponents bravely.
It lures people in with its Poké Ball pattern, then releases poison spores. Why it resembles a Poké Ball is unknown.
It lures prey close by dancing and waving its arm caps, which resemble Poké Balls, in a swaying motion.
With its thin, veil-like arms wrapped around the body of its opponent, it sinks to the ocean floor.
The fate of the ships and crew that wander into Jellicent's habitat: all sunken, all lost, all vanished.
The special membrane enveloping Alomomola has the ability to heal wounds.
Joltik that live in cities have learned a technique for sucking electricity from the outlets in houses.
When attacked, they create an electric barrier by spitting out many electrically charged threads.
When threatened, it attacks by shooting a barrage of spikes, which gives it a chance to escape by rolling away.
It fights by swinging around its three spiky feelers. A hit from these steel spikes can reduce a boulder to rubble.
The two minigears that mesh together are predetermined. Each will rebound from other minigears without meshing.
By changing the direction in which it rotates, it communicates its feelings to others. When angry, it rotates faster.
Its red core functions as an energy tank. It fires the charged energy through its spikes into an area.
While one alone doesn't have much power, a chain of many Tynamo can be as powerful as lightning.
They coil around foes and shock them with electricity-generating organs that seem simply to be circular patterns.
They crawl out of the ocean using their arms. They will attack prey on shore and immediately drag it into the ocean.
It uses its strong psychic power to squeeze its opponent's brain, causing unendurable headaches.
It can manipulate an opponent's memory. Apparently, it communicates by flashing its three different-colored fingers.
Litwick shines a light that absorbs the life energy of people and Pokémon, which becomes the fuel that it burns.
This ominous Pokémon is feared. Through cities it wanders, searching for the spirits of the fallen.
It absorbs a spirit, which it then burns. By waving the flames on its arms, it puts its foes into a hypnotic trance.
They use their tusks to crush the berries they eat. Repeated regrowth makes their tusks strong and sharp.
Since a broken tusk will not grow back, they diligently sharpen their tusks on river rocks after they've been fighting.
They are kind but can be relentless when defending territory. They challenge foes with tusks that can cut steel.
When it is not feeling well, its mucus gets watery and the power of its Ice-type moves decreases.
It can make its breath freeze at will. Very able in the water, it swims around in northern seas and catches prey.
When its body temperature goes up, it turns into steam and vanishes. When its temperature lowers, it returns to ice.
When attacked, it defends itself by closing the lid of its shell. It can spit a sticky, poisonous liquid.
When its body dries out, it weakens. So, to prevent dehydration, it wraps itself in many layers of thin membrane.
Its skin is very hard, so it is unhurt even if stepped on by sumo wrestlers. It smiles when transmitting electricity.
In fights, they dominate with onslaughts of flowing, continuous attacks. With their sharp claws, they cut enemies.
It wields the fur on its arms like a whip. Its arm attacks come with such rapidity that they cannot even be seen.
It warms its body by absorbing sunlight with its wings. When its body temperature falls, it can no longer move.
The energy that burns inside it enables it to move, but no one has yet been able to identify this energy.
It flies across the sky at Mach speeds. Removing the seal on its chest makes its internal energy go out of control.
Blades comprise this Pokémon's entire body. If battling dulls the blades, it sharpens them on stones by the river.
It leads a group of Pawniard. It battles to become the boss, but will be driven from the group if it loses.
Their fluffy fur absorbs damage, even if they strike foes with a fierce headbutt.
They crush berries with their talons. They bravely stand up to any opponent, no matter how strong it is.
They fight for their friends without any thought about danger to themselves. One can carry a car while flying.
Its wings are too tiny to allow it to fly. As the time approaches for it to evolve, it discards the bones it was wearing.
It makes a nest out of bones it finds. It grabs weakened prey in its talons and hauls it to its nest of bones.
It breathes through a hole in its tail while it burns with an internal fire. Durant is its prey.
They attack in groups, covering themselves in steel armor to protect themselves from Heatmor.
It tends to bite everything, and it is not a picky eater. Approaching it carelessly is dangerous.
After it has eaten up all the food in its territory, it moves to another area. Its two heads do not get along.
This brutal Pokémon travels the skies on its six wings. Anything that moves seems like a foe to it, triggering its attack.
This Pokémon was believed to have been born from the sun. When it evolves, its entire body is engulfed in flames.
When volcanic ash darkened the atmosphere, it is said that Volcarona's fire provided a replacement for the sun.
This legendary Pokémon battled against humans to protect Pokémon. Its personality is calm and composed.
This Pokémon came to the defense of Pokémon that had lost their homes in a war among humans.
This Pokémon fought humans in order to protect its friends. Legends about it continue to be passed down.
The lower half of its body is wrapped in a cloud of energy. It zooms through the sky at 200 mph.
Countless charred remains mar the landscape of places through which Thundurus has passed.
This Pokémon appears in legends. It sends flames into the air from its tail, burning up everything around it.
Concealing itself in lightning clouds, it flies throughout the Unova region. It creates electricity in its tail.
Lands visited by Landorus grant such bountiful crops that it has been hailed as “The Guardian of the Fields."
It generates a powerful, freezing energy inside itself, but its body became frozen when the energy leaked out.
By blasting water from its hooves, it can glide across water. It excels at using leg moves while battling.
Its melodies are sung with a special vocalization method that can control the feelings of those who hear it.
Over 300 million years ago, it was feared as the strongest of hunters. It has been modified by Team Plasma.
This Pokémon brings victory. It is said that Trainers with Victini always win, regardless of the type of encounter.